What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Initializing a repository allows git to begin tracking the repository's version history 
and allows the user to start committing changes to it. This is necessary for files that
the user would like to track and be able to review. Git does not automatically create a
repository due to storage and tracking issues, so it must be done manually.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is the placeholder or cache between the working directory and the git 
repository. The staging area tells the repository which files from the working directory
to add to it. This way, if only a select portion of the working directory needs to have
version contorl, you can save space without creating more directories on your system or
server.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

The staging area can be compared to the working directory and most recent commit by using
the git diff command. By comparing the files before they are commited, you can ensure
that you are only commiting one logical change per commit. If multiple changes have been
made, you can commit more than once with the appropriate logical changes.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?

Branches are used to add or edit different features of the master branch without changing
the working version of the game. Only using the master branch for stable releases allows
experimentation on other branches without the risk of breaking something. And branches
can be merged and deleted as necessary, so this is helpful for organization and 
experimentation.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Some people learn better through visual representation, so the diagrams assist in 
explainging a parent-child structure through branches and commit nodes. Being able to 
see the connections between commits and branches through their parent nodes helps to 
explain that some commits become unreachable if they are not in their own dedicated 
branch.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the 
diagram the way we do?

I had problems merging my files due to a typo in the master file. I was able to 
successfully merge them, but the game was broken. So after devling in to the forums and 
finding out where the typo was, I was able to comment out the necessary text and the 
game was able to run. It is represented in the diagram as having two parents because 
both commit logs will show up in the new merged master branch. Knowing that you can 
access the files as they were before they were merged is useful for debugging.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Automatic merging saves time and makes the logical thinking easier, but leaves room for 
potential bugs and typos that are unexpected. Manually merging requires more fine-tuning
but may also be difficult to figure out what is wrong. However, the extra time may be
necessary to ensure that the merged version operates appropriately and compiles.


