How did viewing a diff (Fc) between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Being able to view the differences between two files and nothing more enabled me to see 
the changes, isolated from the rest of the text, which allowed for more focused 
examination of the text. Through this, I was able to find a bug within a relatively 
small section of code, as compared to the much larger file in its entirity. This process 
can be useful in the future to help eliminate bugs and typos, assuming my text editor 
does not catch the error for me in real time.

Also, experience with the command line will be useful in the future because it may be 
necessary to have this skill in a development environment, should I choose to work for a 
tech company in the future.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient 
programmer in the long term?

Being able to access previous versions of a file will make revisions and additions easier
to track. If something breaks, looking back to a version that worked will enable you to
resolve the issue and enable you to reflect on how you broke it, and how to avoid this
issue in the future. Having multiple versions also allows you to compare two seperate
designs next to each other and see which you prefer, then you can copy the old code into
the latest version and move forward from there.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

I think that the benfit to only having version control when you decide to have it, is
that the changes become significant and easily trackable. Each commit comment should
clearly state it's purpose and if it caused a problem, being able to compare the changes
side by side will help resolve the issue. Besides tracking an issue, having too many 
versions of a file takes up space and hinders clear, defined actions between files.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in 
one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Grouping files together in a repository is not necessary for everyone, and the program
likely operates to suit the biggest section of its users. While Git is likely used by
more technically inclined users that have different needs than the average computer user.
I would imagine file size has something to do with this as well, as Git is stored locally
and Google Docs is stored on a server.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git log shows all the commits and commit notes on a version of the file, which will help
to track which files you would like to compare. Once you have your files chosen, using 
git diff will compare the two files to identify differences between them. By finding the
differences in the files, it is easier to identify typos and logical errors, which can 
then be corrected in a new commit.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break 
something?

By having working versions stored as a backup, if a bug is introduced, it can be tracked
between the working file and the bugged file. Then it can be corrected in the most
current HEAD to resolve the issue. This gives confidence to be able to fix mistakes if
they occur.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I will be using Git to have greater revision capability in my future coding projects, 
starting with Android studios. I will be better enabled to collaborate on projects with
others and contribute to open-source projects.